{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf330
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12020\viewh12020\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\qc\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 OFAPI
\b0 \
OpenForum API for phpBB forum engine\

\fs26 Version 1.1 (2008/08/18)
\fs24 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\b Requirements:
\b0 \
Version 3.0 or later of phpBB\
\

\b What's OFAPI?
\b0 \
OFAPI mean OpenForum API and it's a set of functions (Application Programming Interface) made to allows external applications to comunicate with phpBB forums (since version 3.0) using standard XML-RPC (XML Remote Procedure Calls) protocol.\
Using OFAPI you can create custom programs to browse your favourite forums (ie. a specific application for phones or other mobile devices) easily. OFAPI contains lots of functions well documented and tested (okay we still in beta stage) and it's open source.\
\

\b How to install OFAPI?
\b0 \
OFAPI is pretty simple to install: just drag & drop OFAPI folder (where this file is contained) in your root forum directory. Next... no wait there is not any other step. You are done!\
\

\b How to use OFAPI to develop something?\

\b0 You can comunicate with OFAPI using your favourite language (that supports XML-RPC comunication). We are developing frameworks and libraries for the most common environment such like Cocoa (ObjC on Mac) or Java (take a look to the site to know more).\
To call a function you need to point your XML-RPC client to ofapi.php file.\
You need to remember an important thing about OFAPI. Due to some implementations in phpBB in order to mantain your login each called function must be sent with both functions parameters and login data.\
Specifically you need to send a dictionary with two elements: keyed obj 'auth' (an array with two elements, username and password, ordered) and keyed object 'data' that contains an array with functions params (in order).\
\

\b Documentation\

\b0 You can find docs about methods available in OFAPI browsing the doc folder.\
Remember: when called function parameters are lower than minimal requested number GENERAL_WRONG_PARAMETERS will return as result of call.\
\

\b Copyright\

\b0 OFAPI was created by Daniele Margutti and Roberto Beretta and the source code is based upon the original phpBB 3 code. The project is distribuited under GPL (General Public License). If you use OFAPI in your forum fell free to write some lines about the authors.}